(mellow music)
- [Nana] It's hard to describe
in words
what came over me that night.
It wasn't as simple as love
or excitement,
more like jealousy mixed
in with envy
and lust.
I still get insecure every now
and then
because it feels like
every day I spend with Ren
is nothing but a dream.
Ren was a glamorous, bright
light
shining into my boring mundane
world.
But no matter how hard I tried,
he always seemed to be
out of my reach.
(wind blowing)
- Nana, I'm going to Tokyo
so you can live your life
however you want
(upbeat rock music)
- Tokyo?
What do you mean Tokyo?
What about college? Law school?
I thought you were gonna become
a lawyer?
- I'm not talking about me.
I'm talking about Ren.
Look, you remember that band?
You know the one that Ren
and I used to go up against
in battle of the bands?
They were called Trapnest.
- Trapnest.
Yeah, I remember them.
Weren't they the ones that had
that really cool girl on lead
vocals.
- Yeah. We used to hang out with
them
and go out drinking
together, stuff like that.
They left for Tokyo a couple
years ago
to see if they could
make it professionally
and move paid off for them.
They landed themselves
a recording contract
with a big label.
- Really? No way.
They sure are lucky. I can't
believe it.
- [Yasu] They were just about
to release their first single
and then came the problems.
The guitarist quit.
- Oh.
- [Yasu] So the rest of
the band got together
and decided they'd asked Ren to
join them.
Ren left this morning for Tokyo
to meet with the producers
but they've already approved his
demo
so this is just a formality,
a chance for them to see him
face to face.
It's practically a done deal.
- Wait a minute.
- Hey, he hasn't made
the move to Tokyo yet.
He'll be back in town
tomorrow for a while.
- But he is moving to Tokyo,
right?
What about Blast?
What are we gonna do?
We've only been together
for a year and a half.
We were just starting to get
somewhere.
I don't believe it.
- Nah, don't worry.
It'll be easy for us to
find another bass player.
They're a dime a dozen
- [Nobu] But I just
don't get it.
It feels like we've
been screwed over.
- Listen. He's been sitting
around
going nowhere in this town.
It's a total waste
- Huh?
Then why don't we all go to
Tokyo
and see if we can make it as
pros?
Look out, Tokyo here
comes Blast.
- [Yasu] Sorry, but I don't plan
on trying to earn my
living from music.
I'm not going to gamble
my life away like that.
Besides, even if
we did move to Tokyo,
Ren has to make Trapnest his
priority now.
- I don't see why.
- Because we have no guarantee
that we'd get signed
by a record label.
- But we don't know till we try.
- Doesn't matter
how hard you try,
most bands just don't make it.
I don't want that
to happen to Ren.
This is a once in a
lifetime chance.
He'd be stupid not to go for it.
- Anyway, just 'cause Trapnest
lucked out
with a recording contract
doesn't necessarily mean
they're gonna hit the big time.
- They'll do fine.
They have everything
going for them.
They have a great luck,
a great sound,
and once they add Ren to the
mix, they've got it made.
- [Nobu] Well. Yeah, but-
- You just don't get it.
If you wanna go to Tokyo, go,
but don't even try to stand in
Ren's way.
Besides, one day you'll
inherit the family inn
from your parents.
So you don't have
to worry about a job
or making ends meet.
Quit dreaming about
becoming a pro.
You can't do that and
run the family business.
You should just treat the
band as a side project.
- But, what's Nana gonna do?
He won't just abandon her.
(Yasu scoffs)
- [Yasu] That's a screwed
up way to look at it.
- [Nobu] He's gotta
take her with him.
- What's with the attitude?
"He won't just abandon her."
It's not like she's a pet
kitten that belongs to him.
- Huh?
- You know, as well as I do
that Nana's a strong,
independent woman.
If she wants to go with
him to Tokyo, she will.
It's her decision.
I'm sure Ren's thought about it.
- Yasu, you're really mature.
- And you're still a little kid.
You know, if Nana does
decide to go to Tokyo
then that'll be the end
of Blast for sure.
It'd be hard on all of
us, but that'd be it.
It would be time for me
to pack it in.
If you want the band to continue
you have to find new members.
It's up to you.
(birds chirping)
- [Nana] The second time I met
Ren,
it was a beautiful summer
afternoon
with a warm motion breeze
gently crossing my skin.
- [Ren] Hey, Nobu, you
want to be in a band?
- Huh? What do you mean, Ren?
You're in a band.
- We decided to break up.
Those guys really suck.
They'd be okay if they
spent more time practicing
unless I'm bitchin' and
moaning whenever we rehearse.
Losers.
- Hey, Nobu, didn't
you used to play guitar
a bit back when we were in
junior high?
I seem to remember Ren
saying you were pretty good.
You didn't quit playing, did
you?
- What?
- [Ren] I can always switch to
bass
then you could play guitar.
- Sure. I'll do it.
- Yeah, but can we risk using
someone
who hasn't played in a year and
a half?
Do you think you're up for it?
- Oh, I am so up for it.
I know I haven't been playing in
a band
but I still play every day at
home,
and I know all your songs off by
heart.
I even started writing some of
my own.
You want to hear one of them?
- All right. You're in.
- So what about vocals?
Who's gonna sing?
- Yeah. That's sort of
a problem right now.
I'd like to get a girl on
vocals.
I'm sick and tired of guys
who can't sing with a damn.
- Yeah, I agree.
Obviously we want a girl who can
sing,
but it'd be a bonus if
she looked good too.
- Nobu, a woman.
Go find us a woman.
The hotter, the better.
- Why do I have to do it?
You're the one who's surrounded
by women all the time, Ren.
- You don't have a clue, do you?
We can't let a girl I've
slept with join the band.
We'd be in trouble.
It would ruin everything.
- Maybe it'd be different
if you were actually
in love with the girl.
(Ren scoffs)
- [Ren] Love?
- If you laugh at love,
love will make you cry.
- [Mom] Nobu, there's a
friend here to see you.
It's Nana. Is it okay for her to
come up?
- Yeah, sure thing. Thanks, mom.
- Did she say Nana?
A girl?
- [Ren] Is she hot?
- Huh? Yeah, but it's not like
you've never seen her before.
Hey, Nana.
(upbeat rock music)
- [Nana] Nobuo, here's the CD I
borrowed.
Thanks.
- Sure thing.
- [Nana] Well, better get going
- Huh?
Hey, Nana.
- [Ren] Nobu, have you ever
gone to karaoke with her?
- Huh?
- Can she sing?
- [Nobu] Yeah. She's decent.
- [Ren] All right then.
- [Nana] From that day on,
I was like the oceans tide,
hold by the
gravitational force of Ren.
My heart floated on the waves,
higher and higher and higher.
- Nana, will you sing
in our band?
- [Nana] This gave voice
to my innermost desires.
But I wasn't singing for Ren,
I sing only for myself.
Always have, always will.
(Nana scoffs)
- Check this out.
It's my diploma.
Are you jealous?
And look, I sold every
button on my uniform.
Being the guitar player in Blast
rocks.
You'll never guess how much
I got for the second button.
- You got money for that?
Get outta here.
Can't you see? I'm busy, shrimp.
- Hmm. Yeah, right.
There's not a single
customer in the store.
How on earth can you be busy?
- [Nana] Because I'm reading a
book.
You should consider
trying one yourself
instead of reading all
that manga.
- [Nobu] I heard the news
about Ren.
What are you gonna do?
You gonna move to Tokyo
with him?
- Hmm.
So you came here to try
and stop me from going?
Will you miss me?
- [Nobu] Fine. Go to
Tokyo and I'll go too.
- What are you talking about?
- Well, we can always
find new members
for the band in Tokyo.
Let's see how far we can
take this thing.
I'm not saying it's gonna
be easy for us to go pro
but it's gotta be worth a try.
And you know, with your
voice we can make it.
Okay. It's not the best voice in
the world
but it's got this unique, cool
husky quality to it.
I think we can do it, so
I say let's go for it.
Besides, I don't wanna
play for any other singer.
Yasu feels the same way.
He's ready to quit for good
if you leave
- [Nana] Don't say that.
- Huh?
- [Nana] Those were the words I,
I wanted to hear from Ren.
Thanks Nobu, but I'm not going.
- But why not?
You're not planning to
split up with Ren, are you?
Even if you two aren't
in the same band
there's nothing to stop
you from living together.
- [Nana] I can't do that.
- Huh?
Nana, it's all right.
I know Ren and I know
that if you go with him,
he's never gonna feel
like you're in the way.
He's always been a womanizer,
but he never cheated on you.
Not once.
That just proves how much
he's in love with you.
- [Nana] I know that.
- As long as you know, and
that's good.
- Listen. My life does
not revolve
around sleeping with Ren. Okay?
I want it so much.
I wanna be a real singer
(Nobu gasps)
- In that case,
let's go to Tokyo.
- [Nana] Not now.
- Why the hell not?
Sometimes I just don't
understand you, Nana.
- If I decide to go now,
I'll just end up living
with Ren again.
I can't see how I can be
there and not live with him.
(Nobu sighs)
- [Nobu] And the problem
with that would be what?
- I'd be waiting around
for my big break to come
while he was off busy living
the life of a rock star
and a band that has a
better singer than me.
I don't wanna be a housewife
making dinner
waiting for him to come home
and complete my sad little
existence.
(Nobu gasps)
He'll never see me doing that.
I would rather die.
So I'm gonna stay here.
Take a bunch of singing lessons
until I've got the confidence
to make it as a singer
without having to depend on
Ren's help.
And then one day, I'll
move to Tokyo on my own.
Sorry, Nobu.
You're gonna have to stick
around with me until then, okay?
- You saying you can't sing
unless I'm playing
guitar for you?
- No, not really.
- Are you sure you can't sing
- No,
- without me?
- not really.
Ren and I got together
about a year and a half
after we first met.
It was Christmas night.
We had just finished playing a
gig
and we were feeling pretty good.
On the way home We went by the
breakwater
and started goofing around in
the snow.
(Ren grunts)
(Nana laughing)
A homemade cake?
Aw, I feel so special.
Let's eat.
- What if it's poisoned?
It could be from one of my fans,
you know?
It could be one of those "You've
been getting it on with Ren
so now you have to die" cakes.
- Then you taste it first.
I don't wanna be killed
by some freak
for something that
I'm not even doing.
- I don't want you too either.
(slow romantic music)
- [Nana] It happened so fast
I forgot to close my eyes.
- Now that we're guilty
of doing something
I can die with a clean
conscience.
- [Nana] That moment I
would've died with him.
I wanted Ren.
I wanted him so badly I
couldn't control myself.
It's been that way ever
since that very first night.
Didn't you say that none of you
should get involved with me
for the sake of the band?
- It's okay. Because
there's love right here.
- [Nana] Are you serious?
We didn't waste any
time moving in together.
Ren showed me what a joy
it was to sing.
He taught me how
to play the guitar.
He gave me the
inspiration to live.
But what did I have
to offer him?
Maybe if I quit singing,
then I could move to
Tokyo and be with him.
I could make dinner for
both of us every day,
keep the apartment clean,
and eventually have
his children.
Is that what I should be doing?
Wouldn't that be more than
enough to make me happy?
Neither of us have a family.
So what could be better than
creating a family of our own
instead of chasing after
some dream.
- [Nobu] Is that all
you're taking with you?
- Yeah. A guitar and a pack of
cigarettes
is all I need to survive.
- Yeah, right.
He shipped his stuff
ahead 'cause he is a wimp
and he can't handle
carrying anything heavy.
- Too bad you won't have me
around a lug your stuff for you.
- I'm sure he'll find some
other sucker to boss around.
Poor guy won't know what
he'll have to suffer through.
- I guess it's about time to go.
(Nobu sighs)
- Huh?
(Nobu coughing)
(bell rings)
(Nobu panting)
(train honking)
(Nana sobbing)
(Nobu gasps)
(mellow music)
- After a year and three
months of living with Ren,
right around the beginning of
spring,
before the snow had
completely melted away,
it was over.
We never actually said
it was finished,
but we both knew that living
apart
would mean the end of
our relationship.
We could have phoned each
other or written letters.
But if you can't be there
to hold each other close,
what's the point?
I could feel his loneliness
deep inside me
as I lay there in bed without
him, night after night.
I felt it deeper than
anyone else ever could.
Merry Christmas.
We are Blast.
I still miss those times.
Ever since he left,
it feels like I've been
wandering around in a dream,
especially on a snowy night
like this.
(train honking)
When it's cold outside,
I can't help but pray
that someone is there to
keep him warm.
Not sweet.
It's been a year and nine
months since Ren left,
almost two springs now.
For my 20th birthday in March
I'm gonna buy myself a present
as a reward
for getting through it,
a one way ticket to Tokyo.
I won't need anything
but my guitar
and a pack of cigarettes.